
a) Write a program to draw Circle using Bresenham's algorithm.

b) Draw concentric circles with the aid of loops using turtle in python.
c) How to make an Italian flag using turtle_pyhton.


A. Draw the circle using midpoint circle algorithm where center pixel is (400, 400) and radius 300 considering the any display resolution (OS provided).
B. Draw the ellipse using ellipse algorithm where the value of (a,b) = (240, 460) considering the display resolution (OS provided).




Write a program to draw Line using Bresenham's algorithm.
Write a program to draw Circle using Bresenham's algorithm.
Write a program to apply scaling and rotation to 2-Dimensional shapes.
Write a program to draw Ellipse using DDA (Digital Differential Analyzer) algorithm.
Write a program to apply scaling and rotation to 2-Dimensional shapes.
Write a program to apply rotation and translation to 2-Dimensional shapes.
Write a program to apply scaling and translation to 2-Dimensional shapes.
Write a program to clip the polygon region outside the window using Sutherland-Cohen line clipping.
Write a program to clip the lines falling outside the window using Cohen Sutherland line clipping.
Write a program to apply polygon fill for 2-Dimensional shapes.





Write a program to convert the color image into the gray image, and the gray image into a binary image using two different values of thresholding. Write another program to draw a binary plot with an average is respected from the background and foreground objects of image.
Suppose each pixel of an image is represented by 8-bit. Write a program to perform the logarithmic and exponential transformation on the image.
How to add salt and pepper noise into an image? Write a program to remove salt pepper and Gaussian noise with median and Gaussian filter.
















1. Write a C program to draw line using Bresenham’s algorithm.

2. Write a C program to draw Circle using Bresenham’s algorithm.

3. Write a C program to draw Ellipse using Bresenham’s algorithm.

4. Write a program to apply scaling and rotation to 2-Dimensional shapes .

5. Write a program to apply scaling and shearing to 2-Dimensional shapes .

6. Write a program to apply scaling and translation to 2-Dimensional shapes.

7. Write a program to apply translation and rotation to 2-Dimensional shapes.

8. Write a program to apply translation and shearing to 2-Dimensional shapes.

9. Write a program to apply scaling and reflection to 2-Dimensional shapes .

10. Write a program to apply translation and reflection to 2-Dimensional shapes.

11. Write a program to apply rotation and shearing to 2-Dimensional shapes.

12. Write a program to apply rotation and reflection to 2-Dimensional shapes.

13. Write a program to apply composite scaling and rotation to 2-Dimensional shapes.

14. Write a program to apply composite translation and rotation to 2-Dimensional shapes.

15. Write a program to apply composite translation and scaling to 2-Dimensional shapes.

16. Write a program to clip the lines fallen outside the window using cohen Sutherland line clipping.

17. Write a program to clip the polygon region fallen outside the window using Hodgeman Sutherland polygon clipping algorithm.

18. Write a program to apply scaling and rotation to 3-Dimensional shapes .

19. Write a program to apply scaling and translation to 3-Dimensional shapes.

20. Write a program to apply translation and rotation to 3-Dimensional shapes.

21. Write a program to apply composite scaling and rotation to 3-Dimensional shapes.

22. Write a program to apply composite translation and rotation to 3-Dimensional shapes.

23. Write a program to apply composite translation and scaling to 3-Dimensional shapes.

24. Write a program to implement line, circle and ellipse attributes.

25. Write a program to generate fractal images.



